README.markdown, before:

Onion Status
============

This repository contains an Irssi script to help with the daily status updates
in `#tor-dev` on OFTC.

Features:

- Log the daily status messages to a log file.
- Log the daily status messages to a special status window inside Irssi.
- Allow the user to enable a filter such that only messages from user approved
  members are logged in case of abuse.

## Usage

Download the `onion_status.pl` script and store it inside `~/.irssi/scripts/`.
Create a symlink from `~/.irssi/scripts/autorun/onion_status.pl` to
`~/.irssi/scripts/onion_status.pl`:

    $ cd ~/.irssi/scripts/
    $ wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ahf/onion_status/master/onion_status.pl

    ... check that the script looks legit ...

    $ ln -s ../onion_status.pl autorun/

Load the script inside Irssi using:

    /SCRIPT LOAD onion_status.pl

Check if the default settings seems reasonable using:

    /SET onion_status

### Create status window inside Irssi

If you want to use the status window inside of Irssi create a new empty window
using:

    /WINDOW NEW HIDDEN
    /WINDOW NAME tor-dev-status

## Settings

- `onion_status_window` (Default: `tor-dev-status`): This setting defines the
  window name where status messages are logged to.

- `onion_status_channel` (Default: `OFTC/#tor-dev`): This setting defines the
  name of the network and the name of the channel that we are interested in
  tracking status updates in.

- `onion_status_highlight` (Default: `ON`): Do we want the window to get
  highlighted when a new status message arrives? We only highlight messages
  from other people - not our own status updates.

- `onion_status_members_only` (Default: `ON`): Do we only want to log status
  updates from nicknames in `onion_status_members`?

- `onion_status_members` (Default: list of network team members): This setting
  defines a list of members to log status updates from. The string contains a
  space delimited list of nicknames.

- `onion_status_log` (Default `ON`): Do we want to log status messages to a
  file?

- `onion_status_log_file` (Default: `~/.irssi/status.log`): The file where we
  save status updates in.

- `onion_status_log_timestamp` (Default: `%Y/%m/%d %H:%M:%S`): `strftime(3)`
  log timestamp format.

Commit message:

Add entry about onion_status_channel.

README.markdown, after:

Onion Status
============

This repository contains an Irssi script to help with the daily status updates
in `#tor-dev` on OFTC.

Features:

- Log the daily status messages to a log file.
- Log the daily status messages to a special status window inside Irssi.
- Allow the user to enable a filter such that only messages from user approved
  members are logged in case of abuse.

## Usage

Download the `onion_status.pl` script and store it inside `~/.irssi/scripts/`.
Create a symlink from `~/.irssi/scripts/autorun/onion_status.pl` to
`~/.irssi/scripts/onion_status.pl`:

    $ cd ~/.irssi/scripts/
    $ wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ahf/onion_status/master/onion_status.pl

    ... check that the script looks legit ...

    $ ln -s ../onion_status.pl autorun/

Load the script inside Irssi using:

    /SCRIPT LOAD onion_status.pl

Check if the default settings seems reasonable using:

    /SET onion_status

It is important that the `onion_status_channel` setting is set correctly. To
find the correct value for this setting go to your `#tor-dev` window and type:

    /WINDOW

Irssi will now display the following information:

    Window  : #xxx
    Size    : XxY
    Level   : NONE
    Server  : OFTC
    Items   : Name                           Server tag
     CHANNEL: #tor-dev                       OFTC

The value of `onion_status_channel` should be of the form `{Server Tag}/{Channel}`,
so in the case above it should be set to `OFTC/#tor-dev` using `/SET onion_status_channel OFTC/#tor-dev`.

### Create status window inside Irssi

If you want to use the status window inside of Irssi create a new empty window
using:

    /WINDOW NEW HIDDEN
    /WINDOW NAME tor-dev-status

## Settings

- `onion_status_window` (Default: `tor-dev-status`): This setting defines the
  window name where status messages are logged to.

- `onion_status_channel` (Default: `OFTC/#tor-dev`): This setting defines the
  name of the network and the name of the channel that we are interested in
  tracking status updates in.

- `onion_status_highlight` (Default: `ON`): Do we want the window to get
  highlighted when a new status message arrives? We only highlight messages
  from other people - not our own status updates.

- `onion_status_members_only` (Default: `ON`): Do we only want to log status
  updates from nicknames in `onion_status_members`?

- `onion_status_members` (Default: list of network team members): This setting
  defines a list of members to log status updates from. The string contains a
  space delimited list of nicknames.

- `onion_status_log` (Default `ON`): Do we want to log status messages to a
  file?

- `onion_status_log_file` (Default: `~/.irssi/status.log`): The file where we
  save status updates in.

- `onion_status_log_timestamp` (Default: `%Y/%m/%d %H:%M:%S`): `strftime(3)`
  log timestamp format.
